[Joy] Add "Quick start" and "Tutorial" pages (#32383)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/getting-started/tutorial/tutorial.md

# Tutorial

<p class="description">This tutorial gives you an overview of how to use Joy components by building a log in page.</p>

## What you'll learn?

1. Importing components.
2. Building a log in page using Joy components.
3. What global variants look like.

> 4. Toggling dark mode

Author: I feel that `Understanding global variants` might be a bit misleading here. In this tutorial, we won't explain in detail the global variant, we just show the developer what it looks like. For sure they will be curious about it and that's the purpose of this tutorial so that they find out more at the end of the tutorial.

<!-- TODO: Add the result image -->

## 🎁 Bonus: Dark mode

Joy provides an effortless way to toggle between modes by using the react hook `useColorScheme`. All you need to do is creating a component that use the hook and then renders it under the `CssVarsProvider`.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { CssVarsProvider, useColorScheme } from '@mui/joy/styles';
// ...other imports

const ModeToggle = () => {
  const { mode, setMode } = useColorScheme();
  const [mounted, setMounted] = React.useState(false);

  // necessary for server-side rendering
  // because mode is undefined on the server
  React.useEffect(() => {
    setMounted(true);
  }, []);
  if (!mounted) {
    return null;
  }

  return (
    <Button
      variant="outlined"
      onClick={() => {
        if (mode === 'light') {
          setMode('dark');
        } else {
          setMode('light');
        }
      }}
    >
      {mode === 'light' ? 'Turn dark' : 'Turn light'}
    </Button>
  );
};

export default function App() {
  return (
    <CssVarsProvider>
      <ModeToggle />
      <Sheet>...</Sheet>
    </CssVarsProvider>
  );
}
```

> > 💡 By using `useColorScheme` hook, Joy ensures that the user selected mode (stored in localStorage by default) is in sync across the browser tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 By using the `useColorScheme` hook, Joy ensures that the user selected mode (stored in localStorage by default) is in-sync across browser tabs.
```

> Congratulations 🎉! you have completed the turorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations 🎉! You have seamlessly built a simple yet good looking UI!
```

> ## What's next?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where to go from here?
```

> - 💎 Check out all the features of Joy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💎 Learn about Joy's main features
```

> - 💅 Learn more about customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💅 Learn about how to customize Joy components
```

Author: For this one, my purpose is to link to the customization overall page not specific to components.

Reviewer: But what would you customize if not components? 😅

Author: Apart from components are theme tokens (font, typography, palette, shadow, ...etc). Should we merge them into component customization?

Reviewer: Yeah—in a strict sense, these are not components. But you would be customizing them as a way to change the component's look, so it's a matter of which strategy you pick to do it. I'd keep the "Learn how to customize Joy components", we could as a hook to "using the theme", "using sx prop", etc.

> - 📖 Read the Joy's principles to find out why it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📖 Learn about Joy's guiding principles and core concepts.
```

# Tutorial

> <p class="description">We'll learn how to create a login page using Joy components.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Quickly learn how to create a login UI using Joy components.</p>
```

## Topics covered

1. Importing components.
2. Building a log in page using Joy components.
3. What global variants look like.
4. Toggling dark mode

## What's not covered?

- Theming and component customization.
- Features explanation.

> 

Reviewer: Thinking again, I think we could remove all of this. As the page is small, is relatively quick to skim through the content and see what it covers—the table of contents helps with that too. As far as what is not approached, we could use the "Where to go from here" to broaden up to these topics.

Author: My purpose is to set expectations before going through the tutorial because I can imagine that they will have questions along the way which we don't plan to explain the details in this tutorial.

I'd love to hear @samuelsycamore feedback on this and goes with his opinion.

## Prerequisites

> - A project which has Joy UI installed (follow the [quick start](/joy-ui/getting-started/quick-start/) if you don't have one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An app that has Joy UI installed. Follow the [quick start](/joy-ui/getting-started/quick-start/) to learn how to quickly install it.
```

## Building the login page

### 1. Creating the basic layout

To create the structure for our login page layout, we'll use the `Sheet` component, which is simply an HTML div that supports the global variant feature.

> Open `src/App.js`, and use this snippet to render a sheet on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your `App.js` file and use this snippet to render a sheet,
```

```jsx
import { CssVarsProvider } from '@mui/joy/styles';
import Sheet from '@mui/joy/Sheet';

function App() {
  return (
    <CssVarsProvider>
      <Sheet variant="outlined">Welcome!</Sheet>
    </CssVarsProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Try changing the sheet's variant between `text`, `outlined`, `light` or `contained` to see what they look like.

### 2. Using the `sx` prop for quick styling

> Every Joy component accepts the `sx` prop, which allows a shorthand syntax for writing CSS. It's great for creating one-off customizations or quickly playing around with different styles.

Author: Thanks for the review! I think we will see if this makes sense in a couple of weeks when we revisit again. 😂

```jsx
// the rest of the code is hidden for simplicity

<Sheet
  variant="outlined"
  sx={{
    maxWidth: 400,
    mx: 'auto', // margin left & right
    my: 4, // margin top & botom
    py: 3, // padding top & bottom
    px: 2, // padding left & right
    display: 'flex',
    flexDirection: 'column',
    gap: 2,
    borderRadius: 'sm',
    boxShadow: 'md',
  }}
>
  Welcome!
</Sheet>
```

> Don't worry if you're confused about the `sx` prop's syntax at this moment. You can learn more about it and get used to the shorthand CSS props after finishing this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry if you're confused about the `sx` prop's syntax at this moment. 
As you use it with more frequency, you'll get the hang of it. Check the [MUI System documentation](/system/the-sx-prop/) to learn the foundation for it.
```
